update readme (#272)
openeth-dev/gsn: README.md

The system is completely decentralized and trust-less: the client doesn't trust on the Relay Service, and the Relay service  
doesn't trust neither the client nor the target contract, yet none can compromise the system.
A network of relays guarantees the system has high availability.

## Do I need Metamask/Mist/Hardware wallet ?

A strong wallet is required if you want to use it to save valuable assets. 
The fact the user doesn't hold eth doesn't mean its key is not valuable.
If you create a sample app, where the user won't lose much if the key is lost, then its ok to keep the key in a browser "cookie".

## Is it safe?

> The GSN had past through an extensive review, including a full security audit by OpenZeppelin, so we believe it is secured.

Reviewer: passed (not past)
```suggestion
The GSN had passed an extensive review, including a full security audit by OpenZeppelin, so we believe it is secured.
```
